I was in the reserves for about twenty four years and that would run from
nineteen seventy one up to the very first part of the decade of
the nineteen nineties that some of those were not good years because
of having trouble getting orders life but it was in that the in the
reserves that long and that's the regular drilling reserve center was
in standby reserves for another decade stand by reserve she don't
do drilling but you are eligible for recall if there is a war at that
time hi res retired from the reserves and I'm still literally recall
I mean during war where two people of my vintage were called back
to active duty to do things couldn't Duff be an infantryman of any
kind of quality but I could probably teach in rots your something like
that